
sync
^^^^


Description
***********

Syncs directories and S3 prefixes. Recursively copies new and updated
files from the source directory to the destination. Only creates
folders in the destination if they contain one or more files.


Synopsis
********

     sync
   <LocalPath> <S3Uri> or <S3Uri> <LocalPath> or <S3Uri> <S3Uri>
   [--dryrun]
   [--quiet]
   [--include <value>]
   [--exclude <value>]
   [--acl <value>]
   [--follow-symlinks | --no-follow-symlinks]
   [--no-guess-mime-type]
   [--sse <value>]
   [--sse-c <value>]
   [--sse-c-key <value>]
   [--sse-kms-key-id <value>]
   [--sse-c-copy-source <value>]
   [--sse-c-copy-source-key <value>]
   [--storage-class <value>]
   [--grants <value> [<value>...]]
   [--website-redirect <value>]
   [--content-type <value>]
   [--cache-control <value>]
   [--content-disposition <value>]
   [--content-encoding <value>]
   [--content-language <value>]
   [--expires <value>]
   [--source-region <value>]
   [--only-show-errors]
   [--no-progress]
   [--page-size <value>]
   [--ignore-glacier-warnings]
   [--force-glacier-transfer]
   [--metadata <value>]
   [--metadata-directive <value>]
   [--size-only]
   [--exact-timestamps]
   [--delete]


Options
*******

"paths" (string)

"--dryrun" (boolean) Displays the operations that would be performed
using the specified command without actually running them.

"--quiet" (boolean) Does not display the operations performed from the
specified command.

"--include" (string) Don't exclude files or objects in the command
that match the specified pattern. See Use of Exclude and Include
Filters for details.

"--exclude" (string) Exclude all files or objects from the command
that matches the specified pattern.

"--acl" (string) Sets the ACL for the object when the command is
performed. If you use this parameter you must have the
"s3:PutObjectAcl" permission included in the list of actions for your
IAM policy. Only accepts values of "private", "public-read", "public-
read-write", "authenticated-read", "aws-exec-read", "bucket-owner-
read", "bucket-owner-full-control" and "log-delivery-write". See
Canned ACL for details

"--follow-symlinks" | "--no-follow-symlinks" (boolean) Symbolic links
are followed only when uploading to S3 from the local filesystem. Note
that S3 does not support symbolic links, so the contents of the link
target are uploaded under the name of the link. When neither
"--follow-symlinks" nor "--no-follow-symlinks" is specified, the
default is to follow symlinks.

"--no-guess-mime-type" (boolean) Do not try to guess the mime type for
uploaded files. By default the mime type of a file is guessed when it
is uploaded.

"--sse" (string) Specifies server-side encryption of the object in S3.
Valid values are "AES256" and "aws:kms". If the parameter is specified
but no value is provided, "AES256" is used.

"--sse-c" (string) Specifies server-side encryption using customer
provided keys of the the object in S3. "AES256" is the only valid
value. If the parameter is specified but no value is provided,
"AES256" is used. If you provide this value, "--sse-c-key" must be
specified as well.

"--sse-c-key" (string) The customer-provided encryption key to use to
server-side encrypt the object in S3. If you provide this value, "--
sse-c" must be specified as well. The key provided should **not** be
base64 encoded.

"--sse-kms-key-id" (string) The AWS KMS key ID that should be used to
server-side encrypt the object in S3. Note that you should only
provide this parameter if KMS key ID is different the default S3
master KMS key.

"--sse-c-copy-source" (string) This parameter should only be specified
when copying an S3 object that was encrypted server-side with a
customer-provided key. It specifies the algorithm to use when
decrypting the source object. "AES256" is the only valid value. If the
parameter is specified but no value is provided, "AES256" is used. If
you provide this value, "--sse-c-copy-source-key" must be specified as
well.

"--sse-c-copy-source-key" (string) This parameter should only be
specified when copying an S3 object that was encrypted server-side
with a customer-provided key. Specifies the customer-provided
encryption key for Amazon S3 to use to decrypt the source object. The
encryption key provided must be one that was used when the source
object was created. If you provide this value, "--sse-c-copy-source"
be specified as well. The key provided should **not** be base64
encoded.

"--storage-class" (string) The type of storage to use for the object.
Valid choices are: STANDARD | REDUCED_REDUNDANCY | STANDARD_IA.
Defaults to 'STANDARD'

"--grants" (string)

   Grant specific permissions to individual users or groups. You can
   supply a list of grants of the form

      --grants Permission=Grantee_Type=Grantee_ID [Permission=Grantee_Type=Grantee_ID ...]

   To specify the same permission type for multiple grantees, specify
   the permission as such as

      --grants Permission=Grantee_Type=Grantee_ID,Grantee_Type=Grantee_ID,...

   Each value contains the following elements:

   * "Permission" - Specifies the granted permissions, and can be set
     to read, readacl, writeacl, or full.

   * "Grantee_Type" - Specifies how the grantee is to be identified,
     and can be set to uri, emailaddress, or id.

   * "Grantee_ID" - Specifies the grantee based on Grantee_Type. The
     "Grantee_ID" value can be one of:

     * **uri** - The group's URI. For more information, see Who Is a
       Grantee?

     * **emailaddress** - The account's email address.

     * **id** - The account's canonical ID

   For more information on Amazon S3 access control, see Access
   Control

"--website-redirect" (string) If the bucket is configured as a
website, redirects requests for this object to another object in the
same bucket or to an external URL. Amazon S3 stores the value of this
header in the object metadata.

"--content-type" (string) Specify an explicit content type for this
operation. This value overrides any guessed mime types.

"--cache-control" (string) Specifies caching behavior along the
request/reply chain.

"--content-disposition" (string) Specifies presentational information
for the object.

"--content-encoding" (string) Specifies what content encodings have
been applied to the object and thus what decoding mechanisms must be
applied to obtain the media-type referenced by the Content-Type header
field.

"--content-language" (string) The language the content is in.

"--expires" (string) The date and time at which the object is no
longer cacheable.

"--source-region" (string) When transferring objects from an s3 bucket
to an s3 bucket, this specifies the region of the source bucket. Note
the region specified by "--region" or through configuration of the CLI
refers to the region of the destination bucket. If "--source-region"
is not specified the region of the source will be the same as the
region of the destination bucket.

"--only-show-errors" (boolean) Only errors and warnings are displayed.
All other output is suppressed.

"--no-progress" (boolean) File transfer progress is not displayed.
This flag is only applied when the quiet and only-show-errors flags
are not provided.

"--page-size" (integer) The number of results to return in each
response to a list operation. The default value is 1000 (the maximum
allowed). Using a lower value may help if an operation times out.

"--ignore-glacier-warnings" (boolean) Turns off glacier warnings.
Warnings about an operation that cannot be performed because it
involves copying, downloading, or moving a glacier object will no
longer be printed to standard error and will no longer cause the
return code of the command to be "2".

"--force-glacier-transfer" (boolean) Forces a transfer request on all
Glacier objects in a sync or recursive copy.

"--metadata" (map) A map of metadata to store with the objects in S3.
This will be applied to every object which is part of this request. In
a sync, this means that files which haven't changed won't receive the
new metadata. When copying between two s3 locations, the metadata-
directive argument will default to 'REPLACE' unless otherwise
specified.

Shorthand Syntax:

   KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

JSON Syntax:

   {"string": "string"
     ...}

"--metadata-directive" (string) Specifies whether the metadata is
copied from the source object or replaced with metadata provided when
copying S3 objects. Note that if the object is copied over in parts,
the source object's metadata will not be copied over, no matter the
value for "--metadata-directive", and instead the desired metadata
values must be specified as parameters on the command line. Valid
values are "COPY" and "REPLACE". If this parameter is not specified,
"COPY" will be used by default. If "REPLACE" is used, the copied
object will only have the metadata values that were specified by the
CLI command. Note that if you are using any of the following
parameters: "--content-type", "content-language", "--content-
encoding", "--content-disposition", "--cache-control", or "--expires",
you will need to specify "--metadata-directive REPLACE" for non-
multipart copies if you want the copied objects to have the specified
metadata values.

"--size-only" (boolean) Makes the size of each key the only criteria
used to decide whether to sync from source to destination.

"--exact-timestamps" (boolean) When syncing from S3 to local, same-
sized items will be ignored only when the timestamps match exactly.
The default behavior is to ignore same-sized items unless the local
version is newer than the S3 version.

"--delete" (boolean) Files that exist in the destination but not in
the source are deleted during sync.


Examples
********

The following "sync" command syncs objects under a specified prefix
and bucket to files in a local directory by uploading the local files
to s3.  A local file will require uploading if the size of the local
file is different than the size of the s3 object, the last modified
time of the local file is newer than the last modified time of the s3
object, or the local file does not exist under the specified bucket
and prefix.  In this example, the user syncs the bucket "mybucket" to
the local current directory.  The local current directory contains the
files "test.txt" and "test2.txt".  The bucket "mybucket" contains no
objects:

   aws s3 sync . s3://mybucket

Output:

   upload: test.txt to s3://mybucket/test.txt
   upload: test2.txt to s3://mybucket/test2.txt

The following "sync" command syncs objects under a specified prefix
and bucket to objects under another specified prefix and bucket by
copying s3 objects.  A s3 object will require copying if the sizes of
the two s3 objects differ, the last modified time of the source is
newer than the last modified time of the destination, or the s3 object
does not exist under the specified bucket and prefix destination.  In
this example, the user syncs the bucket "mybucket" to the bucket
"mybucket2".  The bucket "mybucket" contains the objects "test.txt"
and "test2.txt".  The bucket "mybucket2" contains no objects:

   aws s3 sync s3://mybucket s3://mybucket2

Output:

   copy: s3://mybucket/test.txt to s3://mybucket2/test.txt
   copy: s3://mybucket/test2.txt to s3://mybucket2/test2.txt

The following "sync" command syncs files in a local directory to
objects under a specified prefix and bucket by downloading s3 objects.
A s3 object will require downloading if the size of the s3 object
differs from the size of the local file, the last modified time of the
s3 object is newer than the last modified time of the local file, or
the s3 object does not exist in the local directory.  Take note that
when objects are downloaded from s3, the last modified time of the
local file is changed to the last modified time of the s3 object.  In
this example, the user syncs the current local directory to the bucket
"mybucket".  The bucket "mybucket" contains the objects "test.txt" and
"test2.txt".  The current local directory has no files:

   aws s3 sync s3://mybucket .

Output:

   download: s3://mybucket/test.txt to test.txt
   download: s3://mybucket/test2.txt to test2.txt

The following "sync" command syncs objects under a specified prefix
and bucket to files in a local directory by uploading the local files
to s3.  Because the "--delete" parameter flag is thrown, any files
existing under the specified prefix and bucket but not existing in the
local directory will be deleted.  In this example, the user syncs the
bucket "mybucket" to the local current directory.  The local current
directory contains the files "test.txt" and "test2.txt".  The bucket
"mybucket" contains the object "test3.txt":

   aws s3 sync . s3://mybucket --delete

Output:

   upload: test.txt to s3://mybucket/test.txt
   upload: test2.txt to s3://mybucket/test2.txt
   delete: s3://mybucket/test3.txt

The following "sync" command syncs objects under a specified prefix
and bucket to files in a local directory by uploading the local files
to s3.  Because the "--exclude" parameter flag is thrown, all files
matching the pattern existing both in s3 and locally will be excluded
from the sync.  In this example, the user syncs the bucket "mybucket"
to the local current directory.  The local current directory contains
the files "test.jpg" and "test2.txt".  The bucket "mybucket" contains
the object "test.jpg" of a different size than the local "test.jpg":

   aws s3 sync . s3://mybucket --exclude "*.jpg"

Output:

   upload: test2.txt to s3://mybucket/test2.txt

The following "sync" command syncs files under a local directory to
objects under a specified prefix and bucket by downloading s3 objects.
This example uses the "--exclude" parameter flag to exclude a
specified directory and s3 prefix from the "sync" command.  In this
example, the user syncs the local current directory to the bucket
"mybucket".  The local current directory contains the files "test.txt"
and "another/test2.txt".  The bucket "mybucket" contains the objects
"another/test5.txt" and "test1.txt":

   aws s3 sync s3://mybucket/ . --exclude "*another/*"

Output:

   download: s3://mybucket/test1.txt to test1.txt

The following "sync" command syncs files between two buckets in
different regions:

   aws s3 sync s3://my-us-west-2-bucket s3://my-us-east-1-bucket --source-region us-west-2 --region us-east-1

